this video is brought to you by atlasvpn
hi everyone welcome to the second
episode of gays Behaving Badly my name
is James I'm Nick and there will be a
Chiron under your name giving all your
information stuff and I assume a Chiron
under your probably maybe um
everyone in the whole world everybody we
all want to cancel you
so the first episode of this came out
last year where we talked about
asexuality and we want to keep doing
episodes like this there's been a bit of
a break obviously but we want to
actually do this on a monthly basis so
hopefully we first it was really fun it
was uh and did well which is the
important thing
um
um but in today's episode we're going to
be talking about the role of adult media
in the development of uh gay identity
specifically paying attention to Gay and
bisexual men but also kind of taking a
look at how it can help how it can
develop with lesbian identity as well
because I think porn has a big influence
on that as well well I think everyone in
the queer community and granted like
we're only going to touch on this
because I I don't know if anyone's
noticed this but neither James nor
myself are lesbians
um big shock uh you heard it here first
folks
um so like we can't really speak on that
with authority but like from kind of an
outside end like we have some thoughts
on that especially from talking to
lesbians in our lives
um that sounds like a soap opera
lesbians in our lives I've seen in our
lives that would be an interesting sofa
lots of moving so like is actually
recently there has been a very there is
a growing
under the surface conversation in queer
communities about the role of adult
media especially as we have begun to see
ourselves we have began to begin our
began
I think it's kind of we'll we'll get
into it um because this is just the
introduction so this is the introduction
hi yes
um but before we jump into the video
proper
um we would like to
uh send you on over to today's sponsor
this video is brought to you by atlasvpn
Atlas VPN allows you to unlock all your
favorite content from across the globe
by tricking each and every streaming
service into thinking you're in a
different country can't wait for your
favorite Niche anime because
crunchyrolls somehow hasn't gotten it
yet no problem you can stream it
directly from the Japanese Network site
it also helps keep your Google and
internet searches private and hidden
from prying eyes which can be pretty
helpful when you're Googling pup play
and don't want your vanilla boyfriend to
know about it at least not yet Atlas VPN
can even block the incessant pop-up ads
and potential malware that runs wild on
a lot of adult websites leaving you to
browse the internet in peace it's like a
condom for the internet and it's the
best deal for a VPN out there and now is
a great time to sign up because Atlas
VPN is currently offering a special
limited time offer where their premium
service is just a dollar 83 per month
plus three months for free all with a
30-day money-back guarantee but be quick
because it's only for a limited time so
start browsing the net in a safe and
secure way with Atlas VPN today okay so
now that the ad read is done we are
entering segment number one which is
about stuff so Nick
what are we talking about today what
what like okay so obviously the premise
of this is that
we're talking bisexual men men who love
men men who are attracted to men
umam is a better term than MLM because
you don't have to love someone have sex
with sex with ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am uh
that would be pretty poetic
um and then for women it's LOL
ma'am-in-law
um
so I guess the kind of premise we're
running off of here is that gay men
unlike straight men
really discovered their the first time
that they can visually see their
sexuality is in porn that's certainly
how it used to be absolutely yeah uh
before like Heart Stopper and stuff like
that but definitely men of let's say men
who hit puberty before 2000 and yes 17.
um and especially earlier in that when
we get into like you know you'd see a
skin flick or you'd see a skin mag
um skin Flex the 70s again uh yeah I
actually love those terms can Megan's
conflict
um I I think they're we our society has
done a fantastic job at completely
disenfranchising slang but yeah so like
getting back on topic because we're
we're giving ourselves time limits here
yeah so um the role of porn in this case
is to sort of normalize uh this kind of
query density and sort of you know oh
cause and Awakening literally an
Awakening in order earlier context yeah
um that was the because you know of
reasons you didn't really have a whole
lot of opportunities to see gay Identity
or yeah because like growing up like I
had Will and Grace but what like there
wasn't a whole lot of like men loving
men on Will and Grace well yeah
especially and I I lucked out because I
had Queer as Folk but there were a lot
of people my age who did not know that
that existed didn't stay up late our
society completely disenfranchises the
role of sexuality and the sex life
um and that's true even in the context
of asexual people is you you gotta
experiment around a little bit to know
that you don't like that so not having a
sex life is still an element of
sexuality yeah
um uh and Will and Grace doesn't really
comment on anything in terms of
sexuality that's kind of just social
dynamics yeah um so having to do gay men
learn from gay porn um they learn that
gay sex exists essentially
um and how to have it not necessarily
how to have it but that it's something
that people around the world do have
yeah
um sex with other men uh and that it
doesn't that's it's not exclusively some
think that's romantic that sexuality
does exist and sort of validating those
sexual feelings because there isn't a
gender dynamic between men and women
that is kind of there's no gender
dynamic between men and right right
there isn't the same gender Dynamic
there it's a very different gender
dynamic between two men than it is
between a man and a woman yeah
um and because media is wrought with the
necessitative love needs to precede sex
yeah for a lot of straight entanglements
which leads to a lot of men exploit
sorry men exploiting women uh their
feelings so that they can be sexual
men who have sex with men do not have
that not necessarily I think I mean I
think they do I mean because they're
watching just as much straight media as
straight men so they are picking up the
same kind of Dynamics I suppose but I've
heard this from like multiple people and
especially straight women who kind of
like analyze sort of like from a
distance what it might be like to sort
of be in that sexual atmosphere is that
um
a lot of women kind of and this is me
kind of quoting straight women uh kind
of have these uh emotional entanglements
like they they like to have emotions and
sex yeah whereas men don't always like
to have that
um and this whether this is biology or
whether this is uh social
um conditioning I can't really say but
it seems to be that in gay circles
especially for younger gay men we talked
about it the simple this at some point
like because
um gay sex is something you quote
shouldn't be having if you want to have
it there's nothing holding you back
there's no social Dynamic there's no
social structure telling you to hold
back and leave for marriage if you're
gonna have sex with men yeah because the
social attitude is just don't do it
um so I think porn act like porn being
the first exposure to real
um human sexual human sexuality in a
homosexual context uh it is really not
important might be the wrong word but
it's really fundamental in establishing
those uh fast and loose sex oh I think
it I think maybe not today I don't think
today
but I think for Generations
the like
it was fundamental whether it was you
know in the 60s or 70s you know meeting
usually at a teenage guy meeting an
older man who has you know some reels
um and by reels I mean eight millimeter
reels because everything was on film
there were no videotapes yet or then
going into the 80s where you know there
were videotapes that you could get porn
was really the first time that you saw
men being intimate with other men
whether that's love or sex being
intimate with other men there's another
angle there too because there's a
difference between being exposed to porn
and being exposed to two guys in a
cruise accidentally stumbling on two
guys in a crew spot and that being their
first gay sort of experience is that
porn is an industry and when he sets it
up yeah it's it's not sort of a um but a
traumatic moment it's
it's also validating because you get to
see not only our two men having sex is
there is an industry around these two
men having sex yeah so even if
um you don't know any gay men in your
small town in Nebraska
um
there is an something in your back brain
that says that there are many people who
consume this or else they wouldn't have
made it yeah um so I think that this
exists for a reason which means there
are other people that meanwhile exactly
so I think that's also another
fundamental area of just normalizing
masquerade entity yeah um and and so for
that reason I think that because it has
been so formative for gay people it's a
lot more common for gay men to
appreciate porn and openly discuss porn
than gay than straight men whereas you
watch even rom-coms and it's like oh the
husband has a a dirty movie stash that
his wife doesn't know about it yeah or
the magazines under the mattress it's a
box of Shame
um that you shouldn't be having because
you know your wife wants your the the
normative idea in these movies is the
wife wants to be the one and only yeah
and anything pornographic is kind of you
know uh to use your phrase verboten
um it's a very different Dynamic whereas
porn is kind of not maybe not openly
accepted but very publicly accepted
um and depending upon like we get into
the like maybe the Dynamics of the porn
themselves but it is it is sort of
it's the first place for and like I said
like we said it nowadays you know you
have Heart Stopper you have young Royals
you have these shows on Netflix that a
12 year old can watch and feel seen for
the first time yeah but for many many
many many generations the first time you
felt seen as a game or bisexual man was
in adult media yeah and I don't think
it's the same necessarily the same for
lesbians where that's the first time you
feel seen But it sort of like the
question is it the same thing for
lesbians or is it different well
certainly lesbian porn is a lot more
common because there is a huge straight
consumer base yeah that's that's the big
difference is that gay porn is produced
for gay men straight porn is produced
for straight men lesbian porn is
produced for straight men there is a
huge difference between lesbian porn
that is produced for straight men and
versus for women there's a huge
difference between straight and a huge
difference in how much of it is made oh
yeah yeah because there's way more way
less straight lesbian porn made for
lesbians because most porn producers who
produce lesbian porn assume that women
aren't interested
and as Anne Rice has shown by writing
several best-selling pornographic albums
women are interested they you know the
what she said they just don't want to go
to that back alley store near the
airport to get it is erotica a much
stronger genre of porn for lesbians
or for women in general I would think
yes uh it's the feather versus this this
might come from managing and not safe
for work Discord server but lesbians
seem much more interested in the written
word yeah
um but another thing that I found really
interesting is we're closing off this
topic is going to say it's the feather
versus The Brick it's not a brick
that's harder to
harder to do in visual but there's more
reluctance to do that but just finishing
off there's a big difference in straight
porn meant for men and straight women
for straight women oh a huge difference
I didn't know that until I started
seeing it
um I actually don't mind watching
straight porn made for women well
straight porn meant for women is there
there's a story to it there is a reason
these two people are having even just in
the shot and the way the models perform
because the straight Point made for
women is much more focused on the man
um oh yeah the woman isn't doing the
fake moaning thing at least not as much
yeah you focus a lot more on his body
the performance is there but it's the
camera yeah
um and there's things that's really
interesting yeah and like growing up
that was my my first exposure obviously
was straight porn we had a pay-per-view
descrambler so every night at midnight
the Pay-Per-View channels turned into
the porn channels
um and it was all straight or lesbian
porn and that was my first sort of
exposure to it and that's why I knew it
existed so when we actually got a
computer I was like I wonder if gay
stuff exists and oh boy did I find out
that it did but we'll get more into a
person that kind of stuff after the
break
and we're back from the break we're
assuming this video gets monetized it
might not but we're we're playing that
game uh but we don't have any visuals
and we're not really talking about any
like oh but YouTube might just be but
again we're gonna we're going to talk
about some personal experiences yeah so
this segment we're going to talk about
our personal experiences
um sort of
reflecting on
the role that it's had in developing
sort of our sensibilities because we
both James and I both of us even though
I am technically a young Millennial and
you're a mid-millennial two years older
than you I don't know amid I am mid
nothing
you certainly are not uh you don't even
like having the the temperature in the
car in the in halfway
all cold or all hot
uh like I said uh anyway porn
I also had my kind of opening
experiences uh in to sexuality through
porn like because I think very few
people few people have sex and that's
their first experience
with sex
is sexual of course yeah like I I I
don't know if everyone who like because
I think of back to a lot of the girls I
knew they weren't watching porn before
they had sex but they've definitely seen
sex scenes in movies yes and stuff like
that so there was an expectation of what
sex would be and I think that and that
expectation very disappointed yeah the
expectation for a lot of girls is he
slides in and you're at home base and
that's not how it works
and that's the expectation a lot of
straight guys are left with too and
they're like oh Jesus I'm doing
something wrong why isn't she moaning
I'm not doing anything wrong yeah
meanwhile she's listening to The
Crickets outside uh but yeah so like
what like did before kind of going into
a sexual realm did you watch porn yes
there was on my weird I think I it
wasn't a cable it was kind of network
there was this French Canadian of the
French Channel yeah and late at night
when I would be up like I I saw it and
that's kind of was my first really like
whoa they are that's penis like for and
it was the American viewers
um in Canada there are French channels
and there was one in particular that
after about 10 pm would start showing
basically porn the show that I remember
it was called Blue Nui uh blue night
yeah uh is that
oh yeah I remember okay okay a lot
I feel like every Canadian guy I'm so
I've talked to so many gay guys who like
the topic will come up and he's like are
you talking about blue movie
and so like that's that's a start and
like if you're like me and you just have
no idea that you're gay early on like
you're really confused or like I'm
getting off to this I'm not gay and it's
like no you're just looking at him yeah
um and Bloon read I think also kind of
uh that's actually a really interesting
thing uh sorry for yeah yeah that's a
really interesting thing I've actually
uh seen from heard from a lot of gay men
is that they watched either that or they
watched straight porn and they
identified not with the man they
identified with the woman oh yes big yes
um which kind of I think you know
whether that's a top thing or a bottom
thing it's the you are the person who is
with the man you are not the yeah the
you know you're not with the woman so
you identify with the woman and I think
that kind of can lead to a lot of
um a lot of gay men expecting a certain
kind of experience yeah from actually
having sex again the sort of slide into
home base immediately
just doesn't happen yeah and because
even in gay porn it's it's just like
yeah and in gay porn like
there's also a reason why they call them
porn actors and this is something about
that porn doesn't prepare you for is
that you have kind of this is a
performance this is a performance and
it's really uncommon that you kind of
have sex like that because like I and
this is so weird with gay gay men is
when they start having sex I've had like
a few early kind of instances with a few
different guys
um it's like early in my sexual career I
I re I'm looking back I realized we were
trying to have sex like porn people like
porn stars
sorry about that everyone had a wee bit
of a technical difficulty or the
microphone fell down and took the iPad
with it so yeah I was saying that we
were trying to have sex like porn stars
because that was what we thought sex was
supposed to be when like really having
sex in person is a very different
experience than watching people have sex
it's much
slower it's much slower and just ideally
and there doesn't need to be as much of
an outrageous display because you are
getting so much Sensation from your body
contact and you're seeing each other's
in most in say 50 of cases you're seeing
each other's face it also does not not
last nearly as long no there are gay
porn videos that are 40 minutes long and
I feel like a lot of people who watch
those like the Sean Cody videos and a
lot some men.com videos and they think
okay this is going to last for 40
minutes and then in reality it's more
like 10 to 15 if even like sometimes it
can even be as like five minutes and
like they might be disappointed by that
or if they're at the bottom they're
probably relieved yeah and another thing
that porn does not like there's a lot
that porn sets you up for is like
establishing like a psychology of sex
acceptance but like there's a lot that
porn does not prepare you for porn
doesn't show you douching porn doesn't
show you
um how to the magic lubrication the
magic lubrication
the magical condoms use condoms unless
you're with like a very trusted
long-term partner yeah um that was the
thing in porn for a long time they
didn't want to remind viewers of condoms
because then they would think of STDs so
what would happen is they would like
have a wide shot of you know the
penetration about to happen and then a
close-up in the condom just appears yeah
um and something about me is like I used
to be like oh I love bear backboard now
I'm just indifferent I'm completely
indifferent to it yeah
um porn is porn porn is porn
um it's about it's about the people
especially as I've learned that as I
have sex the penetration is my least
favorite part of sex yeah
um and this is part of like maybe this
is an ace thing but also like when I do
go out of my way to engage in sexual
activities uh it's foreplay
um the only time that you're really
going to get sexual sexual intercourse
that lasts for longer than 15 minutes is
if you have an amendment foreplay
because I have had sexual encounters
that have lasted like two hours long
because it's foreplay a little bit of
contact
um cuddling pillow talk and then it's
like repeat the cycle yeah and that's
how sex lasts for a long time and
apparently that's lesbian sex that's
just how lesbian yeah I think it was a
lesbian do sex it might be shishi LaRue
that I'm thinking of that the quote came
from but it was something along the
lines of you know if you look at a movie
um the third act the climax that's
penetration but you need the First Act
and the second act to get there or it
feels like it's it's nothing it means
nothing to you and so you need that
build up
and you know the the climax of a movie
takes place for five pages of the script
yeah and so if you expect the climax to
take place for you know 60 pages of the
script you're going to be disappointed
or it's going to be bad but also like I
think that porn uh I think something
that porn has done negatively for the
gay community especially is narrowed our
definition of what sex is oh absolutely
it penetration or even oral isn't really
considered sex yeah um the sex that I
like to have is literally just dry
humping not dry humping it's naked dry
humping but you know like that kind of
body contact rubbing like that's kind of
well I I just think that lasts longer
yeah that's more intimate
um there's no and this is another thing
about anal sex it's uncomfortable uh to
get them to not not just receiving it
but getting in the position well yeah
because like you're either you know kind
of doing a doggy style in which case
you're you know your legs your back is
arched like you're yeah or your your
legs are up or whatever and in any
you're it's it's a workout yeah like
um I feel like porn has done a lot to
sort of discredit a lot of you know
experimentation that comes from the sex
like there are expectations uh because
of porn oh yeah um because like most
people think their first time needs to
be
exactly what they have been sort of
shown the first time is yeah and you
know and then nothing else counts keep
in mind where we've said gay men and
straight women get their ideas about sex
from like so of course like these
there's going to be a lot of
disappointment because you know
especially I I this is something I
really hate about a lot of the rash of
current media that comes out about you
know featuring gay characters especially
if they start do having sex I I get so
angry because looking at how they depict
sex is just terrible yeah um for
instance you're almost never going to
come from bottoming
um almost never uh it's rare that guys
can and even then when they can do it is
that in a lot of
like media yes other than porn yeah I
saw it was a you know it was it was it
was sort of like a soft course vaccine
yeah like kind of straight people and
the bottom guy was getting uh penetrated
um the sex lasted for about two minutes
like two minutes and he was saying like
no no stop stop stop I'm getting close
okay I'm coming anyway just keep going
like I was like what you're you're
bottoming you're bottoming that's that's
it's very rare I mean we may have been
you know touching him so it wasn't oh
okay you could see
um and I and once again we go back to
like the Brokeback Mountain things like
where there's bottoming after eating a
plate of wheat plate full of beans like
like there is a reluctance no lube with
a plate full of beans there is a there
is a reluctance to depict how sex
actually happens and I don't know why
after seeing it with gay content even
made by gay creators I'm like why are
you depicting it this way yeah
especially been like I think I think
they're they're depicting it that way
the same reason that gay rom-coms are
basically straight ROM comes with uh
with a gender reversal because the the
it has been created there is a box to
fill and we have to fill it and so we're
basically creating straight porn but
with two men because that's the
expectation yeah and before we close off
the segment I just want to touch on one
more point about how I think uh because
in the 70s I think it was 70s or 80s
there was a sort of conflict between San
Francisco and La style porn uh yeah
where I think it was uh La was very kind
of scene based like you just had a
pornographic scene whereas L.A was very
trying to emulate Hollywood okay so it
was the other way around so la was
making story based porn and San
Francisco is making you know
pornographic scenes yeah okay so and
then it just kind of swinged sung in the
way of San Francisco where it's like you
just had it was a scene opened
penetration sex finish yeah curtain uh
yeah
um so I think that has kind of affected
the way that a lot of media creators
approach making
um love scenes in movies like of sex
scenes and movies because it is that
very you know penetration sex curtain
yeah um whereas like I think if we
appreciated more narrative porn we would
be willing to depict the the ways that
foreplay the build up not just foreplay
the build up but the way that sexual
preparation can be incredibly erotic
sort of like the process of just I think
there are ways to make a hot scene about
a guy putting on a condom I think you
can make that sexy well yeah shishi
LaRue kind of like made that a point
like there was a whole safe sex campaign
yeah because like you you frame that as
titillation yeah like that that is part
of the like the prep prepping for sex is
part of the build up you know yeah those
are things those are tools you can use
they're not obstacles and this is this
is something I wanted to just touch on
because this will be its own video uh
it's its own gays Behaving Badly video
in the future I think the our society's
complete rejection yeah rejection of sex
workers plays a lot into this because
sex workers are people people they are
professionals they understand you know
okay you're into this they play into it
and whatnot and in many cases every sex
worker that I know is a sex educator
they understand the sort of psychology
of sex and you know there there is a
group of people that we reject as having
any kind of authority on this who could
open people's minds to what you know a
first time should actually be or what a
man should expect from a woman or what a
top should expect from a bottom or vice
versa the [ __ ] destroyers had like a sex
ad segment on Netflix before they broke
up yeah but it's like rest in peace and
like I know sex workers in my personal
life who they
when they work with clients they've told
me they they they go at their Pace they
want like if they've got to read the
room well yeah and like if the client
they like I I know one in particular who
has said that he works with a lot of
virgins and they come in thinking okay
this is what it's going to be and
he doesn't tell them that he's like
taking it slower but he does and then
they have a much more enjoyable
experience than you know the 10-minute
tussle that honestly I wish that I my
first time would have been with someone
who was more experienced who knew what
they were doing
um we only had sex with one person
before me and he bought him for that
yeah
um and I have
since day one I have had uh problems in
my backside because of sex because it
wasn't just wasn't done properly
routinely in my life I've been with a
lot of guys who just did not do it
properly and I mean like I have
notoriously on streams talked about how
young I was when I started having sex
and I I wish that I had at least had
some information because we were using
butter
yeah uh so on that we're gonna go to our
maybe
maybe an ad break
pray for us guys pray for us not from
Bay cell that's for sure I hope it's for
Christian Ringle oh that'd be great
and we're back maybe or we we are back
but we've never gone there may yeah we
may not have gone anywhere cot welcome
back to the show all right uh so you you
wanted to start off this segment segment
yeah yeah
um talking about uh the ways that porn
influenced media about sex and um the
way the median mainstream media depicts
sex because of influenced by porn but
also
um gay people are now being accepted
into media that is not just you know
going to have a sex scene because we
have things like Heart Stopper among
numerous Myriad of other things directed
at
um not necessarily children but younger
audiences like sort of that ya TV sort
of area yeah where there are now gay
characters and the way they are because
there are now gay like not just YA books
which are basically you know for 16 and
17 year olds there's there's gay
um middle grade books yeah yeah and you
know they're there's gay characters and
boyfriends and girlfriends and stuff in
there but they're meant for you know 11
and 12 year olds so they they are much
more I want to say Innocent but they're
you know they're not saying they're not
saying gay is focused on the sex act
yeah yeah absolutely and well I I well I
welcome that and I'm glad for that I am
seeing some concerning Trends about the
way that that's kind of playing out
especially like in younger Generations
um in ways that I hope that
um you know as they get older they'll
kind of you know flash them get a little
bit more you know accepting of these
things because there is a rash of no
king of Pride that has been seen among
the younger younger queer people but
also you kind of said it earlier when
um
uh media media about like you know
straight couples is very you said it
that in um gay rom-coms they basically
just take a straight rom-com and you
know swap out a gender yeah
um and in those the ideas of romance and
sex are very idealized in the sense that
you love someone before you actually you
know had to commit to have sex with them
which is something you don't have to do
that's not a human necessity no sex sex
actually is a human necessity we have to
do it to continue to have humans whereas
love is not a human necessity but also
sex is one of the best mood stabilized
sexual intercourse masturbation they're
the best mood stabilizers that yeah like
sexual acts either by yourself or any
kind of sexual act with another person
is a mood stabilizer it's an
antidepressant for many of us like for
many of us like a dripping sweeping
generalization of human physiology Sexes
I would say essential for our species
not necessarily for babies but just for
maintaining
um good mental health good mental health
um
because like you know like I have seen
multiple people say like when you are
when you feel a little bit of a dip jerk
off it's like taking a Xanax and it's
not inaccurate uh but you can't jerk off
everywhere you can't jerk off in the
places that you probably should take a
Xanax yeah so you know uh don't don't
diogenase this stuff
um
uh so it is important to you know see
the right mental professional medical
professionals to get the right kind of
medications that are required but yeah
part of that comes from an element of
demystifying and destigmatizing sex and
then want the need to have sex in
general yeah because that's something we
don't say sex is kind of seen as a
luxury or masturbation sexual
intercourse sexual pleasure is seen as a
luxury but I don't think we as a species
we should look at it that way and
granted of course this is there's there
also are Ace people who just have no sex
drive and who do not need this and
that's fine so like my concern about the
way that a lot of gay media is being
developed is that it is kind of just a
swap out for you know a woman for
another man and kind of put it in these
situations because then that kind of
facilitates that love needs to come
first sort of attitude we're divorcing
sex from love and love from sex I think
is something that is the next sexual
development of our species and I think
there is an issue specifically with gay
men
um
when connecting with sex because for
instance when Heart Stopper came out on
Netflix there were a lot of gay men who
were very angry at the show for it not
having a gay sex scene that the relation
the development of a gay relationship
and all of that kind of stuff they that
wasn't important it was the lack of a
gay sex scene that they were very
frustrated at
um
and at the same time there are people
who are frustrated at shows that you
know they jump right into the sex and
it's like we need that mix we people do
we do and immediately have sex but
there's also people who do you know date
we have seen in many different facets of
life
people have a hard time divorcing
fantasy from reality oh yeah yeah and
that was kind of what I wanted to say
about in the last what I was trying to
say in the last session about the way
that media approaches sex is that it
takes these kind of pornographic ideas
of like straight to like zero to 60 when
I think like if we had adopted a more
Narrative Approach the more La approach
in the 70s I think that we would have a
more more sex elements of media would be
more on Queer as Folk which would be
more educational sort of guiding you
through the process preparation yeah um
and sort of having these narrative
elements as build up rather than just
getting straight to it yeah
um so like the concern I have is that
because straight media the straight
hegemony you their media development is
still locked in very Puritan puritanical
values yeah so like when we're just swap
we're just taking the same media formats
but swapping out the sexuality we're
inserting that puritism isn't puritivism
back into the community because that's
how younger kids are going to get their
first exposure to homosexuality yeah
they're going to
um
let me not necessarily it might not be
Heart Stopper where they see it the
first time but another kind of media
like it like they're going to see that
probably before they start seeing porn
oh yeah absolutely they're going to see
young Royals or they're going to see
um that Spanish show that I can't watch
because it's yeah Elite because they're
too goddamn good-looking
um they're going to see those things I
have seen specific scenes of that
because they're God I'm good looking
they're going to see those things before
they see porn and so you know kind of
mainstream media really
porn isn't the first place you learn
about ksx anymore which is probably a
good thing because again porn is
really only it's portraying a fantasy
like I said whereas mainstream media can
make the argument that they are
portraying something more realistic I
that's what I would argue is I'd say
it's it's a different kind of fantasy
because there was a sexy and if you're
expecting sex like you'll see an Elite
you're you're gonna be sorry with porn
uh yeah young Royals also kind of has a
very idealistic sort of sex atmosphere
and sort of uh atmosphere about sex I
very much disagree there
he's a prince yeah he's a prince but I
mean the sex like that's that's a
relationship idealistic yeah that's not
that's what I mean though is like we're
once again kind of you know associating
sex and romance instead of just
accepting that sex is something that
people do to literally feel good that's
where I'd like to see more media start
adopting that attitude
um The Sex in the City View of sex yes
exactly
um but not just it doesn't need to be in
teenage media no but like no College age
sort of depicting like first time
experiences first romances for like
Discovery areas
um and sort of really having these very
candid discussions about sex and
sexuality in media format yeah
um and not only that but in instances of
depicting sex also depicting safe and
healthy and consensual sex practices
that are more you know educational
through the context of being media
because all media is educational yeah um
it's developing a world that it wants to
see whether it's trying to do it or not
even Twilight was doing that it's it was
trying to create a world even every
Creator does that even if they don't
know they're doing it I mean that's yeah
every piece of media that's created is
trying to influence the world that the
Creator wants to see so yeah the Creator
needs to be very aware of what they're
trying to educate
um and good creators will do it in a way
where people don't know they're being
educated so yeah that's uh the end of
the video I guess
um
General sex positivity taking sex out of
the closet and saying this exists it
exists for physical reasons emotional
reasons there's no point in denying you
exist yeah stop pretending this doesn't
exist
stop pretending porn doesn't exist these
are things that are kind of essential to
society and I think that's what we need
to start doing and if we start doing
that I think it will lead to things that
will you know it might lead to a to kind
of booting out the politicians who want
to ban drag queens and stuff like that
because they see that as they will take
some kind of sexual interest because
that is all linked to set their
arguments have fundamentally sex is
abnormal this thing is a sex fetish
thing therefore it is abnormal yeah even
a drag is not a sex fetish thing but you
know conservative yeah so thank you guys
so much for watching the video thank you
for listening
um and thank you to for subscribing to
the channel if you're not subscribed
please like subscribe follow follow us
on Twitter and all those places the
links are in the description you can
check out our patreon uh where you get
early access to videos behind the scenes
videos uh movie watch alongs exclusive
videos all sorts of stuff
um so yeah I have been James I've spin
Nick and we will see you again soon with
another episode of gays behaving badly
and normal video essays where we
actually put effort into production all
right have a great day night evening
afternoon weekend month everybody
dildos
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]